1. In the most concise way possible, answer this question, what is 42? How would you
describe 42 to someone who doesn’t know what 42 is?

42 is a more efficient learning institute.

2. Why are there no instructions on the initial 42 logic tests?

There are no instructions on the initial tests because whomever is giving the tests wants to see if you're a self atarter.
 They want to see how you handle being in a new situation without instructions, will you wait to be told what to do, or will you
 interact with your new environment freely.

3. What are the core 42 principles?

42's core principles are about creating a safe, productive, knowledgable environment for individuals to build new products, ideas and knowledge base.

4. If somebody is thinking of going to 42, but has no coding experience - do you really
think it’s worth their time?

Any amount of time is worth a persons passion. 
 I would recomend FreeCodeCamp as a starter to see if they even like code before pursuing a path in the field.
 But if code is an interest, you should always follow your interests, otherwise what's the point in life?

5. What makes 42 unique?

Especially in america being free makes 42 unique. Outside of pricing, 42 realizes that not everyone works best in a 9-5 be here at this time
 environment. 42 allows you the flexability to use your schedule to your advantage. While teaching you how to manage your life as well. 

6. What do you think you’re learning the most at 42?

That sometimes you only have one chance at something. You must focus on what really matters.

7. Imagine (this will happen very soon in real life!), you’ve been stuck on the problem
for a while and have no idea what to do - what your next steps would be?

Determine if this problem is necessary, or are you creating this problem (is there a way around it).
 If so then ask, look, read if this is a common problem or if there are others whom are struggling or have struggled with your problem.
 Then be able to understand you dont know everything, and really listen to the advice others have to give.
 
8. How will you ensure that your personal level of motivation remains high on a daily
basis to complete at least 1 level per month without the Piscine pressure and strict deadlines?

I am currently struggling with this dilema. Hoping for a dorm so that I wont have to commute freeing up a lot of time to focus on school.
 The stress this problem has given me will be fuel in the future to make sure i acomplish what I need.

9. If someone asks you why it says internships are required on the 42 website, but they
do not offer job placement, what would you say?

Networking is a part of life. Capable people aren't handed jobs. Learn to talk with others and find your niche in programming that makes you happy.

10. How do the internships work? Is it mandatory that you have to reach a certain level
before leaving on an internship or can you validate it anytime you find one?

11. How does 42 help you adapt to a work place?

No one holds your hand in the workforce. 42 requires you to be an adult and manage your own life, while getting your work done.
 If an employer doesnt like you, they fire you. As for college you pay to be there which is a totally different environment.

Bonus

Find 5 cadets with at least level 5 and ask what project they are working on currently,

or

ask 3 people in the Bocal what is their current task,

or

.... talk to GAETAN about his favorite pizza places!
